Changed enumerate_adapters to be able to work with custom backends (#8230)
gfx-rs/wgpu: CHANGELOG.md

By @cwfitzgerald in [#8162](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8162).

> #### enumerate_adapters was made async
> 
> Making `enumerate_adapters` async allows custom backends to use it along with elimnating some native/non-native distinctions
> 
> This is a breaking change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `wgpu::Instance::enumerate_adapters` is now `async` & available on WebGPU

Making `enumerate_adapters` async allows custom backends to use it along with eliminating some native/web distinctions
```

Also, this now needs to go onto the `### Unreleased` section as this no longer landed in the window for v27
